README.md, before:

# TODO's List

### High Priority

- [ ] Move the Heat legend bar on the side, change it to veritcal ?

- [x] Making the Table and the Map interactive with each other (using Rematch? Due: 4th)

- [ ] Making a Picture Slider on New's Page

- [ ] Making Search In News Section

- [ ] adding pagination on News

- [x] Adding new Summary Board into Data Section

- [x] Creating Database and running script in the back-end 
    - [x] Mongoose: remember to whitelist
    - [x] Express 
    - [x] Database Structure (Due March 3rd) 
    - [x] Would able to run back-end to update database

- [x] front-end would able to get access to the database (Due March 3rd)

- [X] Table header can be choose, sorted table (Due March 4th, before meeting)

- [x] Change the map into heat map and add map legend

--------------

### Lower Priority
1. NEWS
    - [x] Updating UI
      - [x] Making the UI looks more elegant 
    - [ ] flittering the data from News, trying to remove the duplicating object from the data (Due: March 4th)
    - [ ] changing the slider View, now they can not be clickable, which is sucks!!! 


### Nice to have
- [ ] error handling ? error page
- [ ] reference: better say the source location
- [ ] having search on the News page ?

Commit message:

Data nomarlization done and update the time to pull from utc time

README.md, after:

# TODO's List

### High Priority

- [x] Move the Heat legend bar on the side, change it to veritcal ?

- [x] Making the Table and the Map interactive with each other (using Rematch? Due: 4th)

- [x] Normalize Dat (done by filer the outliers)

- [ ] Change the time zone (same as the website) 

- [ ] Making a Picture Slider on New's Page

- [ ] Making Search In News Section

- [ ] adding pagination on News

- [x] Adding new Summary Board into Data Section

- [x] Creating Database and running script in the back-end 
    - [x] Mongoose: remember to whitelist
    - [x] Express 
    - [x] Database Structure (Due March 3rd) 
    - [x] Would able to run back-end to update database

- [x] front-end would able to get access to the database (Due March 3rd)

- [X] Table header can be choose, sorted table (Due March 4th, before meeting)

- [x] Change the map into heat map and add map legend

--------------

### Lower Priority
1. NEWS
    - [x] Updating UI
      - [x] Making the UI looks more elegant 
    - [ ] flittering the data from News, trying to remove the duplicating object from the data (Due: March 4th)
    - [ ] changing the slider View, now they can not be clickable, which is sucks!!! 


### Nice to have
- [ ] error handling ? error page
- [ ] reference: better say the source location
- [ ] having search on the News page ?
